All right, good.
One two...
Georges Sarret, Captain of the 8th mountain artillery batallion,
Medal of Honor,11 reputations,
Knight in the Legion of Honor,
in the name of the president
and due to the power of
attorney, we nominate you
"Officers of the Legion of Honor",
Maybe you need this.
my mother has nothing against it.
I am not feeling well any longer in this town.
In Marseille we were so happy.
I asked for a shifting.
-And what about me?
-Oh, you..., err,
-I'm afraid after the funeral...
-...you don't need me any longer?
Could you imagine to live in Bombay?
-But Philo, I...
-The street is my future.
I have nothing, no money,
no flat, nothing.
But you know, I can't marry you,i explained it to you.
My wife diappeared! And we were not divorced, ok?!
-Go away.  go away
-Philo, I love you...
go away  go away
and don't make any noise,
we have a dead person in here.
-Philo, I love you...
-Go away!  go away
-Death grabbed brutal and took her home.
-But well, she was nearly 92.
Colonel.  Doctor.
-God save the King.
She loved you much, i know it.
At your service, Maitre
Georges Sarret, lawyer.
Come come...
-Little french shit-officer, come on.
-What?  In German, if i am allowed to ask.
Why is Villette not going to marry you?
His wife got lost, He never saw her again.
Well, war...
is guilty on everything.
If there can't be adduced a proof of his wifes death,a divorce is impossible.
The man isn't foolish!
Do you love him?
Georges, i have to marry,to become a French.
Marriage is a good idea.
with your Villette, of course.
-Everything will be fine..
-Yes?
I found your wife, Madame Villette.
Anxious?
-Does that scare you?
-No.
As expected, Madam Villette native
Leoni Galone is dead.
She doesn't exist any more.
Dead, as you wished.
I would like to hear it in
your own words.
Are you fine?
Well yes, it is... em... fine that...she is dead,
it is... is very sadly.
I don't know anything to say.
Death certificate, registry office Mühlhausen.
Conveyance deed to the grave,
on public cemetary for 30 years,
-I had the inscription renewed in gold.
-How nice.
I was treated very
courteously there.
-We will bring her flowers, dear.
-My Darling.
Attention, taking. Watch the little bird...
Please don't move!
- Catherine...
- Georges Sarret
Don't touch it, not my hair!
Maybe i killed your father,
as i were a soldier!
Would be a joke, wouldn't it?!
Aha, a visitor!
It's me, Philomena!
Can i come in?
Just a moment, Madame Villette.
Oh, Catherine, your sister is upsetting!
See how fine she looks in white!
Take a seat.
Something to drink?
Yes.
Thanks, i feel bored downstairs.
Well,
i let you on your own.
You both have a lot to talk about,
i guess?
Philomene...
I will spend time with your husband.
Tolerate each other!
Come on, Philomena,
give your sister a kiss!
Catherine, give your sister a kiss.
Philomena, kiss your sister!
My seeps?!
One two three four five...
six, seven, eight,
nine, ten, eleven...
are you going out
♪And Paris! ♪
♪ I'm in love twice ♪
♪ To my country and Paris ♪
♪I'm in love twice ♪
No!  Come'.  Come here, come here!
Come,get in there.
Come in,
come in!
Place it there, please.
No, leave it... leave it alone!
-Please, please, please...
-Monsieur?
-Could you please move the beds next to each other?
-Yes, Monsieur.
Yes? Thank you very much.
Yes, of course, Monsieur. - Thanks.
Mireille!
Wait, i help you.
Come here, my sweetheart.
Here, take it.
Catherine!  Catherine?!
♪ I'm in love twice♪
Catherine?
♪  To my country and Paris.  ♪
♪  I'm doubly in love... ♪
Catherine!
Catherine, champagne!
Catherine?
Catherine?!  Catherine!  !!
Here Paris, here
pleasure, here, young lady!
Catherine?  Catherine?
Catherine?!  Catherine?
Catherine?
♪ I'm doubly in love with my country and Paris ♪
Would you like to be a French?
Mmhh?
Do you want to be rich?
Do you want to marry?
Do you know about a white wedding?
-With you?
-With me... A white wedding... Simple.
- Monsieur Georges?
- Have a seat.
Tell me, what are you living
from at the moment?
- Very little?
- It is enough for me.
You are going to marry a
beautiful young girl.
-A girl in her best age. her name is Catherine.
-Marry?  I like being alone.
- Definitely not.
- Yes, Monsieur Georges!
You don't know her,
she is twenty years old.
-Is she blond-haired?
-Dark.
Very beautiful and hard-working.
Yes, but my Manie.
What is about my Manie-game?
You will play Manie every day.
The young girl wants to be French.
We will help her.It is our obligation.
She will be french,
because she will be Madame Detreuil.
May i see her?
When am i able to see her?
-Isn't the big sister there?
-My poor, if you only knew...
-The arms.
—Attention, style hold.
Thanks.
Lucky?
-Very lucky.
- Here is the money.
Good to know that you don't have been there,
It was gruesome.
-He was sympathetic.
-Very.
We should have ensured him.
- And now?
-Yes, what will we do now?
-We insure the next man!
Did you have any heartsickness?
-No.  -Lung?  -No.
The stomach, the kidneys?
The sensory organs?
What?!
-The sensory organs?!
-No.
You explain that you don't conceal something from me,about your present and past health?
- Yes.
Bravo!  You are a real friend.
Tell it your doctor tomorrow.
-Which doctor?
-The doctor of the insurance company.
Of the insurance company? Why?
Deltreuil would like to have an insurance,
now he has a family.
-A life insurance?!
-A life insurance
-In favor of his charming wife.
-Charming, charming!
No company will insure him
in his condition.
He is a ruin.
You go through the customary examinations
and undersign the contract!
Instead of Detreuil.
-How much?
-Five
Exercise, please!
The signature is simple.
A childish handwriting.
No sensibility at all.
Deltreuil. D, E, L
...T, R, E, U, I,  L, no double L, just one!
Entitled in case of death?
My wife, Catherine Deltreuil.
Mmhh, Detreuil. In your condition you
will become 100 years old.
My whish to you, Madame, that this fund,
paid in a case of sorrow, will give you peace,
maybe luck for your future.
The world is a sorrowful place,
but the fund will help you to
path through without fear.
Always at your service, adored Madame.
He was a good guy.
Payment Detreuil, 2150 Franc,
Burial Deltreuil including tip,
1280. Presents to men of honor 4600 5,000
to Chambon, insurance premiums 10,080,
Cost of marriage Catherine,
rings, dress, flowers and so on.
11,790, various expenses,
taxi, restaurant, phone calls.
21,618, a total of 67,418 francs,
Which i subtract and collect without any extra money.
Please notice that.
And how do you call such little
financial transaction?
-General expenses.
-I call it theft.
132.600 Franc remaining,i divide in two parts.
66300 Franc for me,
66300 Franc for you.
-Right.?
-Right..
What will you two do with
such an amount of money?
We are going to Paris.
We will send you a picture postcard.
Come on, let's go.
-Goodbye.
-Good Trip,
Thanks!
Travelers to Valence, Ar/es,
Marseille, board, close doors.
Noemie, may i take off my jacket?
The meal heats me up.
Just do it.
Feel free.
Do you know, the Suez-stocks at the
stock market are recommendable?
They are stably.
Could be a little bit more saffron in it.
-No.
-Not at all.
Haven't you benn missionary in Cambodia?
Yes, i met him during my return
trip on the ship.
Hopp!Love at first sight.
Exactly on the equator.
Oh, he had a problem with god.And the younger Chinese at the missionary school.
But with my help he outgrowed that.
Oh, pleas excuse me.
-How much do you want?
-500, Madam.
-250.
-Oh, that is poor.
-You collect antique objects?
-She lends small amounts against a deposit.
maybe we should...
use some dealings of our friend Maitre Sarret?
No!  Gold!
I am like the holy Thomas.
I only believe in what i see.
Gold doesn't lie.
Hi I am here.
Ah, you are here.
Yes!?
-Was it nice in Paris?
-I do not know.  Come here.
-I'm delighted to see you.
-Kiss me. Come on.
It is not the right moment.
Shit. Just kiss me.
Aren't you pleasured to see me?
- I am delighted. I told you before.
-Then kiss me.
-I am delighted.
-Kiss Me.  What a nice hat.
Nice hat.  Kiss Me.  Kiss Me...
Everything expensive... very expensive.
A tall, pretty, high-class whore.
You are crazy!  Crazy!
-No, you're crazy!
-Do i blame you?
-Aren't you happy to see me?
-Get out, get out of here, do you hear?
- Go out of my sight!  Get out.
-You embarrass me!  No no no...
You crazy.
Crazy!  No, come here,
do you hear?  Come here!
- Undress! I am waiting!
-No!
I don't want to,
I'm embarrassing you
you miserable pimp, you pimp...
Father!  You there!
-She's obscene.
-Yes, is not it?  -However.
-And he's not exactly ugly.
-If you think...
Do you know how
big her fortune is?
Accurate to francs and centimes.
I even know how
they acquired it.
I like you, you always act
so confident in what you say.
With guys like you, killers
have a chance to save their heads.
-It was worth the sight, wasn't it?
-Oh jLa!
money disgusts me.
It kills love.
I did not bring you to this opinion.
My dear.
So, 50:50!
Don't tickle me!
No, stop it now.
Get down. Put your head down.
It is not working this way.
Sit up.
Damned.
We need two bathtubs.
Philomena, Catherine, help me.
Catherine?!
Do  something!
So, let's leave it there for now.
Thanks.
Come on.
-Not everything!
—Come on, lend a hand!
Come on'
How do you spell "Merry
Christmas" in French?
J-o-y-e-u-x Noal.
N-o-ä-I.
With two dots on the e.
Don't, Noemie.
Let's do it now,
we'll have tomorrow off.
Stop the jingling, you don't understand
your own words anymore.  I'll help.
Leave her, that's the
way it is at this age.
And it's not a
festival every day.
I enjoy life, I
take it by the horns!
The Father always sees only the
bad, he has no talent for happiness.
Hello Georges!  Father always
says happiness is for fools.
Sarret!
Let go.  Go away.
Leave... leave it!
And off!
take the legs  The legs!
Damn it!
DANGEROUS FEL ACID
Santa Clause arrives in the evening.
My God.
Tomorrow at 2pm at my
notary, Miaitre Perrin.
Practice all night if necessary.
Tomorrow at 11 o'clock you
will be Chambon...
You will be Chambon.
A Monsieur Chambon is going to sign a
letter of attorney to lawyer Sarret.
Present here.
Try to appreciate my trust.
The lovely Chambon.
The hairline is on the right.
-Well. Allright, Monsieur Chambon.
-Chambon!
Goodbye, Monsieur Chambon,have a nice trip.
You can sleep assuaged, we know lawyer Sarret very well.
Beautiful!
Isn't it a little bit eccentric?
I am crazy. I buy...i buy it.
I do a deposit now.
How much Monsieur Chambon?
I am not Chambon, Madame.
I am his person in charge.
I don't negotiate with somebody.
I would like to speak to the owner.
-He is in the Switzerland.
-What is he doing in a foreign country?
A unlucky lovestory.
An controverted ardor.
A jealous husband.Flee. Escape.
Italien lakes, clouds, jeopardies.
The love, Madame.
-I want to meet him.  Bring him here!
-Difficult.
Incognito.Without cash.
Maybe we can...
help him with a train ticket.
Including return journey, of course.
Toward...
and back!
- Monsieur Chambon has arrived.
-Welcome, Monsieur Chambon.
-How was it in the Switzerland?
-Clean, very clean.
Adored Madame,
Monsieur Chambon,
A little signature, please.
Catherine?!
- Catherine!  !!
-I am coming!
Don't speak with a mouth full.
Damned shit!
Up here. I place you in the water.
Yes, something, but i don't know what.
But what? That is, what it is about.
What is it?  That's
why I called you.
In Marseille are such kinds of smell...
Well, Marseille. That is right.
But we are in Akes.
I am sorry, but i don't smell anything.
A little bit it is smelling like...
like a pigpen.
Damned. I don't have a pigpen.
This is an insult.
You can't decide to the smell.
The man who leased this house is known
as very honorable.
Maitre Sarret bestows a lot of money to the diocese
and you want to assume him something?
No, no.
What do you want to do?
A trial?
Besides, i insure you,
i smell nothing.
You can speak easy.
You don't have to live here.
Well Monsieur, don't be afraid.
To sell now is not the right moment.
No no...
-Falling Tendencies at the stock market.
- For you there never is the right moment.
Georges, do you think we are beginners?
I will bring you the dessert.
Jewelry! Jewelry?
And the?
...is difficult.
Come on, that's not real.
COBBLER DI LORENZO
My ladies!
There is the future. There.
If somebody would help me...
a man who has to live a year.
If it is much.
One year?
Your shoemaker? I donate him to you.
COBBLER
Good evening, monsieur.
Can you fix my heel?
-Are you feeling better, today?
-If i always would have been cherished
like now. I would be in
good condition again!
-I have your documents with me.
-Yes, this is very kindful.
-Here please.
-Ah yes, thank you very much.
And a rosary.
-It will help you.
- It ins't that urgent.
Yes, sure!
-Name?
-Delorenzo.
-First name?
- Alberto.
-Profession?
-Shoemaker..
-Legal heir in case of death?
- Maitre Georges Sarret.
Did you have any heart-, lung-,
stomach-, kidneysickness?
Of sensory organs!
No no no.
Do you explain to conceal
nothing about your actual fitness,
as well as your fitness in the past?
Yes!
Depending to smoking!
The world is a sorrowful place,
but due to the Fratanelle
the sun will shine at the end.
Always at your service, monsieur.
Don't hesitate to engage us.
Faster! Faster! Faster!
Have you thought about your future?
No!
About your children?
About your parents?
A life insurance will let you be free
from such problems!
This is an sharp idea!
Imagine, Catherine would
subscribe 5 insurances.
-Why not ten?
- That's too much, 5 are enough.
5 contracts in 5 different cities!
Why me and not Philomene?
-The younger the insurant, the fewer the bonus.
-Thanks.
No. 5 contracts signed by Catherine Schmidt,
in favor of Philomena Schmidt.
-But i don't want to die. Are you crazy?!
-No, in due course...
In the right moment Philomena
hopeless sick girl. Ready to die.
and who we pass off
as Catherine Schmidt.
-And, ladies?
-Hats off!
Hats off.
My husband died
and left a remarkable fortune behind,
but no child.No heirs!
So i decided,
to use my fortune to beneficence.
I try to find a poor girl.
For example an young orphan!
God prescribes us our tasks,
doesn't he, Doktor?
Fine! Beautiful!
It is expensive!
Tavern, Tavern, Tavern...
The movement does not depend on me.
This scandal does not affect them.
I withdraw my candidacy for the
May elections without bitterness,
so I can fight better,
you'll thank me for it.
-But for this you nominate...
-We vote!
...in my place my
friend Georges Sarret.
Who is best placed to bear
this heavy responsibility.
-But not here!
- Support Committee Sarret, yes please?
-Breast out a little.
-I understand.
Maitre, Maitre, a phonecall!
I beg your pardon.
Maitre, i am afraid, it is a little
bit too much for us.
-Hi?
- Just wait and see.
Yes, Mr President!
This is Doctor Guy speaking.  Yes!
Our business is moving
forward, Mr. President.
Marseilles will be informed.
- Am I good here?
-Yes this is good.
-Danger!
-I will tell him, Mr. President.
Don't move, please.
These bonuses each quarter...
plus the pensions
the cost of choice
-Do you have a problem with the due date?
-Due date?  I beg you.
Beginning, middle
and end of a month.
Did you at least find
Catherine's future body?
I'm fed up with
paying the premiums.
Find the rare little
bird if you're so great!
-Do I seem like a charitable lady?
-No.
What do you want to hear?
Catherine got the insurance,
you profit but can't find it
who lies in the coffin instead of her?
I've never had such problems.
I'll pay somehow, like always.
Or I'll kill my sister
to get the money.
You are a monster.
I notified you immediately.
It came eight days ago
and I'm sure I'm not wrong.
She is really very ill, rickety,
malnourished, neglected,
lungs like rags...
A very ragged heart,just a poor misery!
She would be too much work for us.
Not enough manpower, understand?
-Is she single?
-Of course, no family.
Guaranteed an orphan.
They are very friendly!
Lord, forgive me,
but this is a miracle.
Made!  I think
Philomene found one.
-Is that safe?
-I hope so.
I want this to stop.
-Not bad, right?
-You are very beautiful.
It inspires... confidence.
People don't vote who knows who.
I shouldn't have come back.
Tell me your name
today, will you?  Please.
Take!
Look!
And here.
It is nice, isn't it?
Gabrielle?  Maria Teresia?
Josiane?  Martin?
Am I getting on your nerves?
Ok, i go now!
And i will never come back.
Please stay.
My name is Magali Herbin.
Finally.
i just want to help you,
do you understand?
Try to thank the good Lord!
Hermione!
Get your clothes on.
You are shameless.
Catherine, Hermione.
i am melancholic.
You remind me on your sister, Catherine.
There is the new Catherine Schmidt.
Widowed Detreuil.
Hermione, this is Magali.
Hermine will look after you.
Exclusively after you.
Compliment.
I am going to get camphor, stay here, Catahrine.
Stay with her, Hermine.
Thanks!
Do you remember something?
He was a brave man.
We will go out a lot with her.
Much drinking, much smoking, few sleeping.
-Destroy her!
-Can i go out with you?
Lungsick people are strange.
You are at the same time very sad
and full of life, above all sensual.
His midday devil
rides the Maitre Sarret.
What kind of tantrum?
Catherine, my dear,
your sister has fulfilled her mission impressively.
Now it is your turn.
Spend your nights with her
and we will win several months.
-But i find nothing interesting in women...
-Doesn't matter!
What does Philomena think?
If Catherine agrees,
i will replace her in housekeeping,
of course.
-28, black, yoke.
-Excuse me.
You old pig.
- Ten each for the game.
-13, 17, 23 and the Chevaux.
Here.  Give that to
the Lord and ask him...
to change the money,
he gives you tokens,
then you can play
along, my little one.
You won!  Are you happy?
Yes.
A//es to the ”29”.
—29.  —29.
Hermione, get chips.
Nothing works anymore.
Make your game.  Even number.
Whoo...?
H.uh.u
HuhuH!
Are you coming home now?
Cursed.
you pig, you!
-Okay, bye.
-Was he good, your kanake?
1000 and 1 night.
Here...
For your ties.
Hermione, I'm hungry.
Sugar?  -Two .
Many Thanks. Take a seat.
And when Madame comes home?
The pie.
Music please, Maestro.
♩ happy birthday... ♩
♩  happy birthday... ♩
♩ Happy birthday to you ♩
Thanks!
I baked the cake myself, Magali.
Blow them all out at once!
-There remains one...
-Then get married this year!
What...
-May I go again?
-Yes, go!
Very good.
I'm very tired.
Good night!
Magali?
Oh thank you.
How pretty!
Do you like it?
-Oh no!
-I'm going to sleep.
Good night.
Hermione, come on.
Music!
Maestro!
You can't even waltz!
Catherine!  This is Catherine!
-This is Catherine!
-I have not done anything!
Such an idiot!
This is Catherine.
You are to blame!  You are to blame!
This is Catherine!
Catherine!
Catherine.
They pay!
The insurance companies pay.
-Who do you pay?
-To you.
Philomene Schmidt,
widowed Villette...
and wife of Sarret.
Isn't your little sister there?
Danger!  Don't move anymore.
Don't move.
And a little smile.
Thanks!